FS-1006 struct tuples (#30)
fsharp/fslang-spec: spec/expressions.md

let three = (1,2,"3")
let blastoff = (10,9,8,7,6,5,4,3,2,1,0)
```

The expression has the type `S<ty1 * ... * tyn>` for fresh types `ty1 ... tyn` and fresh pseudo-type `S` that indicates the "structness" (i.e. reference tuple or struct tuple) of the tuple. Each individual
expression `expri` is checked using initial type `tyi`. The pseudo-type `S` participates in type checking similar to normal types until it is resolved to either reference or struct tuple, with a default of reference tuple.

An expression of the form `struct (expr1 , ..., exprn)` is a _struct tuple expression_. For example:

```fsharp
let pair = struct (1,2)
```

A _struct tuple expression_ is checked in the same way as a _tuple expression_, but the pseudo-type `S` is resolved to struct tuple.

> Tuple types and expressions that have `S` resolved to reference tuple are translated into applications of a family of F# library types named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tuple types and expressions that have `S` resolved to reference tuple are translated into applications of a family of .NET types named
```

> `System.Tuple`. Tuple types `ty1 * ... * tyn` are translated as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[System.Tuple](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.tuple). Tuple types `ty1 * ... * tyn` are translated as follows:
```
